Add blogs (#496)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2023-10-04-evolution-and-impact-of-eBPF/index.md

---
date: '2023-10-04T12:27:00.000Z'
title: 'The Evolution and Impact of eBPF: A list of Key Research Papers from Recent Years'

> description: "This article curates a comprehensive list of research papers related to eBPF and it highlights eBPF's capabilities in accelerating network processing, enhancing observability, and enabling programmable packet processing"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A comprehensive list of research papers related to eBPF and highlighting eBPF's capabilities in accelerating network processing, enhancing observability, and enabling programmable packet processing"
```
